that is gonna f me i'm totally getting a
video just to see you look at my face is
so girls how do we I don't want to give
that down don't think there's a way we
need the plumber no oh yeah it's all
it's a tampon
Wow oh if you call plumber third and
we're gonna have them call part their
toilet why don't they fix it then right
do stop this thing saying hi ill
disgusting absolutely disgusting now who
we doing the lipid tampons in the
highway did not do that and I did not
drop a deuce max of deuce or the robotic
corn and red peppers I did hahaha oh so
bad yeah so tenders just like floating
and vomit and shit rose
all at once and floating corn
here we go again more challenging I
wonder if it's getting any suction to
this nasty
don't have to do this so close it's
doing that is you yes what else we do
get a new toilet Suzie I'm going to call
them then get me down about the tampon
oh yeah well I someone pooped because I
want them to try and chartis or it and
marsona in 400 hours she was crazy you
stop this thing
you